SNOW-1438382: release connector 3.10.1 (#1950)
snowflakedb/snowflake-connector-python: DESCRIPTION.md

# Release Notes

- v3.10.1(May 21, 2024)

>   - Removed incorrect error log message in arrow data conversion.

Reviewer: - Removed an incorrect error log message that could occur during arrow data conversion.

>   - Removed incorrect error log message in arrow data conversion.

Author: ```suggestion
  - Removed an incorrect error log message that could occur during arrow data conversion.
```
